c:\users\luisito\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\bin\Debug\Simulacion.exe.config
c:\users\luisito\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\bin\Debug\Simulacion.exe
c:\users\luisito\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\bin\Debug\Simulacion.pdb
c:\users\luisito\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\obj\Debug\Simulacion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\luisito\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\obj\Debug\Simulacion.Form1.resources
c:\users\luisito\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\obj\Debug\Simulacion.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\luisito\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\obj\Debug\Simulacion.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\luisito\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\obj\Debug\Simulacion.exe
c:\users\luisito\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\obj\Debug\Simulacion.pdb
C:\Users\Luisito\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\obj\Debug\Simulacion.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Luisito\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\obj\Debug\Simulacion.Form3.resources
C:\Users\Luisito\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\bin\Debug\Simulacion.exe.config
C:\Users\Luisito\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\obj\Debug\Simulacion.exe
C:\Users\Luisito\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\obj\Debug\Simulacion.pdb
C:\Users\Luisito\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\bin\Debug\Simulacion.exe
C:\Users\Luisito\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\bin\Debug\Simulacion.pdb
C:\Users\Luisito\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\obj\Debug\Simulacion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Luisito\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\obj\Debug\Simulacion.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Luisito\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\obj\Debug\Simulacion.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Luisito\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\obj\Debug\Simulacion.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Luisito\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Simulacion\Simulacion\obj\Debug\Simulacion.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
